speaks guys youtube all quiet
with you
who is speaking that isaac hotel
apartment and how I promised
I'll bring a video for you today.
how to plant living half way and end
from the seed to the personal harvest only
come on
this here is a strawberry is to meet
market and I'm going to teach you now
how to remove seed is very simple
You pick a strawberry, let's choose the
Your living here is very red, not
serve to take away the seed here
It is clear that you will never
He got in here up here.
because they are too many times while
greener more likely seed
germinated then took a show to
you here
here o
ready then you will not take
amount you want me already
I separated mine already
I already added here it's more or less 10
seeds here is enough not personal
Leave the strawberry when you go
removing the seed does not leave strawberries and
because when you put not only the
puts to dry the seed gets dark
then probability of you access
seminar will stay a little longer
difficult then bought take time to and
just put the earth
I recommend planting seed
seed a sowing if you do not
have been sown
this is a pot of chocolate and candy
that costs 60 cents is very similar to
a whole week and the strawberry gave
Very well here I'm going to start here only in
three bills not the video will get much
long take here and here
I came back here, guys, 3 seeds per
each cell
I put three segments here for each
ballot something else very important
so that the seeds germinate until
the earth has to be sieved a land
neutral and also play over the earth
It has to be a land sifted with
Bran why not put this on
It's hard to climb like this here in a
product in front of store pictures
agricultural sector I see that this is a
earth sieve the substrate let's play
over
then the next easy played over
You'll have to do what you have to do.
win can not be loaded nest
else is like
watering can 5 a spray bottle because the seed
Strawberry are very small then
If you 're here, I'll water the seed.
and it will not end you have to do
That's it folks than doing this two
times per day
there you cover because this here is a
protection you discover that leaves you
three hours 14 hours of morning sun
afternoon cassol
made it the staff after 20 days
the result is this here ok I will show
for you now the strawberry seeds
germinated not all germinates like you
You can see that is not here do not have to
I do not have to, but I have 20 days here.
staff germinated
now there is also another staff person
way to plant orang by molting
I'll be here too now is this
on here
so here is a change of strawberry I
I bought where to see you like what?
you should plant what you should do
to succeed to reap strawberry is
very simple
bought the coin pick your pot do the
drainage system
put it gravel or anything else
have to be able to make a system and
send the earth to divide it is another thing
very important
fertilization there is no doubt with a product
chemical you will use is to have
each and a worm monk you do not
have tesser every time here is better
thing that has
I recommend is the more complete than
there are some and also for my opinion
the best or that we have each
and to the vegetable soil that's what you
they will put you put there
you are going to cover with land here in
above do not cover here in the middle but you
they will end up smothering the flowers that go
welcome strawberry
another tip I'm going to give you
Guys I've been living there for more than
four years and strawberry sound thigh
morning
if you do not have in your home a
place that does not take sun from
morning you plant if you do not have to
a place of your house and morning staff
the afternoon sun do not plant strawberry goes
be a waste of time are losing their
seedlings and their seed
Strawberry
made it the staff after 40 days
you will start to get results that are
O here to show you
this here I have this change already to 80
Since she's happening.
producing when I say this
flower that the strawberry inside this
philosophy here
It's strawberry so I practically already
I have a strawberry
I have three who have another phrase here.
This is going to open staff, that's it.
very simple
You may have one living at home, one is
something wonderful for those who have already
you have the will is very nice that's it
people did all this there you go
have this result here when it
start producing strawberry
I'm going to show you a video of
updating and harvesting of the
strawberry, that's it folks I hope
did you like to subscribe to my
channel there and until the next
This is it people, thanks.